[serve] Update API stability annotations for 2.7 release (#39126)
ray-project/ray: doc/source/serve/key-concepts.md

## Ingress Deployment (HTTP handling)

A Serve application can consist of multiple deployments that can be combined to perform model composition or complex business logic.

> However, there is always one "top-level" deployment, the one that will be passed to `serve.run` to deploy the application.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
However, one deployment is always the "top-level" one that is passed to `serve.run` to deploy the application.
```

This deployment is called the "ingress deployment" because it serves as the entrypoint for all traffic to the application.

> Often, it will then route to other deployments or call into them using the `ServeHandle` API and compose the results before returning to the user.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Often, it then routes to other deployments or calls into them using the `ServeHandle` API, and composes the results before returning to the user.
```
